I was giving like I want to make the
Great South African Phil take and I set
out to make a film about the hardships
supermodels face to read between the
cocaine go behind the g string
parajumpers old and i must say it's good
legs but unfortunately they're white
leagues you're not gonna get any deals
without a black partner where we gonna
find this part number plateaus dhanjani
quiet I'm said please we're trying to
make a movie with Lu and flowers for
silly like pioneers United epic in the
baby coos all my life for good I look
hey how's your film coming along South
African models organization of South
Africa we'd love it if you screen your
phones are members you've got two days
to find a black part and get to juggle
call this around it's gotta stay focused
it's graboids you not see anything you
laugh is it and fulsome a new partner is
black for these whites you know how do
you express your kids to be worth
nowadays yeah what the hell is this
their foot to be shot just because of
why us no because you're a wanker
nobody's ever called me that before do
pop up and dance
lets punch a hole in Saturday night miss
kirtipur find another interesting thing
it's not the preposition fell
yes I would like a very special I'm
serious yes serious film after getting
you a long cock because it's a lot of
car I can be whitelisted